hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about a sci-fi
action film called edge of tomorrow be
ready for some spoilers ahead
some time ago aliens arrived on earth
via asteroids and conquered most of
europe
humanity builds exoskeleton suits for
soldiers to fight against this threat
the main character cage is a media
relations officer who arrives in a
helicopter to receive his next mission
from the general they're trying to unite
their forces
to defeat the aliens they call mimics
and they want cage
to film the war cage refuses and claims
that he has no combat experience
the general warns him that this is an
order he must comply with
since it came from the upper ranks cage
tries to blackmail the general
and it seems to have worked he walks
outside the office
and the general orders and arrests for
cage he runs like a coward
but is tasered and brought to the
warship he wakes up on a pile of
luggages
and is greeted by the sergeant and
master sergeant pharaoh
he tries to explain his rank and demands
to make a phone call
pharaoh agrees to take him but cage
realizes that it's a lie
the master sergeant takes out the
paperwork that claims cage
is a deserter and will do anything to
get out of combat duty
he's taken into his new unit called the
j squad
the master sergeant finds their gambling
activities and makes the whole squad eat
up their cards
he tells the squad that cage is a
deserter and will likely run away
he makes the squad personally
responsible for his behavior
at the dismay of everyone cage puts on
the exo suit with his teammates
but has no idea how to operate it he
sees the crazy behaviors from his
teammates
which doesn't comfort him one bit cage
tries to weasel out of it
and says he may hurt someone with his
inexperience
but his teammate tells him he won't if
he has the safety on
they march into the transport airplanes
but cage tries to run away
again on the airplane cage tries to turn
off his safety on the guns
but fails to do so the floor opens up
and they prepare to drop off
before the sergeant can finish talking
they're hit by
enemy fire everyone begins dropping off
chaotically and dying at the same time
cage hesitates and is left as the last
person
he has no choice but to press the
release just before the plane blows up
he faceplants right on the beach and
sees nothing but chaos
a plane drops right on top of one of his
teammates and sends cage flying
he gets up and tries to get his weapons
working but the language seems to have
been stuck on japanese
he sees another plane falling towards
him and ducks right on time which saved
his life
but killed everyone else he looks up and
sees a woman
fighting the mimics with a sword she
gets knocked back
but manages to kill the enemy she walks
towards cage
but gets shot and killed right in front
of him
in fear cage starts running in the
opposite direction
but is stopped by the master sergeant
their team regroups
and it seems like their enemy knew they
were coming
they barricade themselves in the ditch
and waits for the enemies to come
cage is still struggling to get his
safety off but with no results
he looks on the ground and sees
something moving the mimics have already
arrived to their location
the mimic is able to completely destroy
their whole squad
cage finally manages to get his weapons
working
and shoots at the mimic that destroyed
his team he manages to kill it
but another one shows up that looks
different from the rest
he tries to shoot it but is out of ammo
he grabs the bomb beside him while the
mimic
charges he blows the alien's head off
but the blood spills on cage and melts
his face
he screams in agony but wakes up on the
backs of luggages where he was
earlier in time he sees the bus drive by
and recognizes the woman painted on the
bus as the same person he saw on the
battlefield
he is greeted the same way like last
time and brought to his squad
the events happened exactly the same
except he now has the memory of the
previous day
and therefore he can predict the future
to a certain point
he gets to the battlefield and meets the
girl again but this time he saves her
from being killed
however cage ends up wounded by the
gunfire
and instead of saving him the woman
takes his battery
and cage is killed by the mimic he wakes
up in the same time again
but this time he tries to convince the
sergeant by telling him his personal
information
which he couldn't have known otherwise
it doesn't work though
and he's dragged to the j squad he tries
to convince his teammates
but they think he's crazy and duck tapes
his mouth
he gets on the beach and tries to save
his teammates
but gets crushed by the falling plane he
tries again
and again improving his skill every time
he dies
cage makes it to the woman and saves her
from the mimics
after realizing cage can predict the
future she drops her sword and tells him
to find her when he wakes up
the explosion kills both of them he goes
back to his squad
and helps them avoid being punished by
their sergeant
he goes on training with his teammates
and attempts to
escape from the soldiers but not really
successful on his first
try he rolls under the army truck and
avoids detection from his sergeant
cage finds the woman training in her
division
and walks up to tell her about what
happened we learned her name is
vertovsky
and she immediately realizes what's
going on
she explains to kage that what happened
to cage happened to her
as well but she lost her powers
you gain the power to reset time from an
alpha the blue mimic that cage killed
and by absorbing its blood they arrive
at the weapons repair department
and meets dr carter a physicist and
biologist
specializing in mimic biology he's the
only one with the necessary knowledge
about the mimics
and the only one who believes
vertovsky's story
he explains that mimics are like nervous
systems
and they're controlled by a center
called the omega
the omega gives alpha the power to reset
time
every time one of them dies therefore it
always knows the future
and can never lose the war even when
humans do win against them
it was because they were allowed to win
when the omega feels like it's losing
its power
it would try to find the human
responsible and that person will start
having visions about the location of the
omega vertovsky had this
but she never made it there before she
lost her blood
since cage hasn't had any visions they
have time to prepare him
his training goes pretty bad in the
beginning
cage tries to fight the drones but is
knocked away and breaks his back
fratoski tells him that there is only
one rule and that is to never lose his
blood
he must make sure he dies before any
blood transfusion can happen
or he loses his power to reset time
vratosky kills cage every time he gets
injured from his training
and eventually cage begins having
visions of the omega
he describes this location to dr carter
and they planned their escape
off the beach they try numerous times to
plan
carefully on escaping but each time
rotowski would end up dead
cage becomes frustrated and goes to
london by himself
to have a drink in the bar he learns
that after losing on the beach
the mimics eventually takes over london
as well
cage goes back to training and is now
extremely capable
after many rounds of death dr carter
figures out the location of the omega
but cage says it's not enough no matter
how hard they try
they cannot seem to get off the beach
in one of their loops he goes with
rtoski onto the beach
and slaughters the mimics while his
squad stares in amazement
they make it to the trailer park beside
the beach and plans their escape
frotoski finds a caravan but forgets to
detach its trailer
she drives the cage and they both run up
in the vehicle
away from the incoming mimics just when
they thought they were safe
a mimic pops out from inside the trailer
cage manages to dispatch it losing some
dead weight in the process
cage talks with rotowski about her
personal life
which surprises her it's obvious that
this is not their first rodeo
their relationship must have been closed
in their previous
loops they run out of gas and arrives at
a farmhouse
cage runs out of battery and leaves his
exoskeleton behind
they discover a helicopter behind the
barn and vertovsky wants cage to fly it
but he says he's afraid of crashing
fratoski grunts as she unties the
helicopter
and cage discovers a large wound that
she has been hiding
he patches her up but she keeps on
insisting in finding the keys to the
helicopter
cage gives her some coffee and adds
three sugars
rotoski is surprised that cage knows
this as she never told him
which means that they have been here
more than once
she pushes cage to tell her the truth
and he reveals that he always had the
keys
he doesn't want to start the flight
because every time he does
fratosky dies she grabs the key and
starts the helicopter
this triggers an attack which ultimately
causes her to crash
cage comes to find her and she dies in
his arms
the neighboring mimics surround them and
kills cage as well
this time he wakes up and finds fratoski
but changes his mind about involving her
in the journey
he packs extra ammos and battery and
goes to the farmhouse by himself
he flies the helicopter and arrives at
where the omega is supposed
to be he goes deep into the facility
but finds the omega missing instead
mimicks a waves for him and attacks him
on sight
cage notices that the mimics are not
killing him
but rather bleeding him out he realizes
that it was a trap
and successfully drowns himself to reset
the time
he tells carter and vitovsky that the
visions are traps
the only way to find the omega is to use
the device that carter built
which relays the signal but it was
confiscated by the general
they make it back to the general and
sneaks into the building
the general is surprised to see cage and
his most decorated soldier
on the opposing side cage demonstrates
that he knows the future
and explains how they always lose the
battle on the beach
they must use the device in the save to
take out the omega
but the general never agrees no matter
how many times they have tried
after convincing him this time the
general takes out the transponder
and surprisingly gives it to cage they
walk out of the building
but soldiers began attacking them again
they try to escape in a car
and cage takes this opportunity to use
the transponder
he links with the omega and finds it in
paris
before they can escape they're knocked
unconscious by an exosuit
and are taken into the hospital when
cage wakes up
the nurse has already given him a blood
transfusion
protoski tries to kill cage to reset the
time
but he tells her that he no longer has
that ability
they sneak out of the hospital and finds
their teammate on j-squad
he convinces them to help this time with
the presence of fratosky
they steal a military aircraft and heads
towards paris
before they get to the building they are
attacked by numerous mimics
their plane crashes killing most of
their team
they regroup and are very low on ammos
and weapons
it seems like their chances of making it
to the omega
is very low cage comes up with the idea
to use the crashed aircraft and its
secondary motors to reach the building
two men stays behind to hold the enemies
back
while they steer the aircraft away the
mimics catches up
and kills the remaining soldier leaving
oni ratovsky
and cage alive they crash into the
building
and runs towards the location of the
omega while the alien chases after them
they make it to the parking garage right
on top of the omega
which is submerged in the flood however
they cannot advance forward as an alpha
blocks their way
batoski volunteers to sacrifice herself
to lure the alpha away
but cage disagrees she tells him this is
what she has to do
in order to end the war she wishes that
she could have met cage in better
circumstances
and gives him a kiss before running off
the alpha chases her away and kills her
immediately cage takes this opportunity
to jump into the water
he swims towards the omega as the alpha
chases him close behind
he gets stabbed by the mimic but he
smiles
as he releases the pins of the grenades
the omega explodes and all the mimics
drop dead right away
before cage passes out the omega's blood
fuses with his body
turning his eyes black he wakes up again
this time in the helicopter on his way
to meet the general
he looks to the news and sees that the
war has ended
a large explosion happened in the
morning and all the mimics
are disabled he goes to jsquad and sees
all his teammates
alive and well he goes to vitovsky's
squad
and sees her in the same place he walks
towards her
as she gets back up she asks him what he
wants
but cage said nothing as he's
overwhelmed with happiness
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my video please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time